---
layout: post
title: Day 3 Zion
---

Today we spent another day in Zion. Liran woke up early and headed out to do the Angel’s Landing trail - which climbs to the top of the valley using ropes and chains. 

Liran called us from the top (somehow he had service), but then after a few moments the call went out. Raz looked at me, narrowed her eyes, and said “זה לא טוב בכלל”

Raz and I stayed at “home”, slept in late, cuddled, read stories, ate breakfast and headed out to meet him. Of course, we were an hour and a half late to meet him because I didn’t take into account the timing of the shuttles. 

Raz was amazing and super curious on the bus. I asked her what was red and she said the mountains, I asked her what was green and she said “העשבים”. I asked her what was blue and she said “I can’t see anything blue, Mommy”. So I asked her what about the sky, and she got very excited that it was blue. 

She was thrilled to see Aba, and we joined him on anther short hike along the Virgin River (the River Walk hike). It is a paved and easy stroll, so we even brought the stroller. The trail meanders through the canyons along the river, with towering red walls on either side, dotted with green hanging gardens. We stopped along the river, and there our little water baby explored and played in the mud and water.

After a fun time in the water, we headed home (with a pit stop for lunch at a gross restaurant at the entrance to the park). After so much hiking, we decided to go for a dip in the pool. Raz enjoyed “swimming” from Ima to Aba, creeping along the wall, and jumping in the water. When we got out of the water to sit and eat watermelon, she insisted on laying on the towel on her stomach like a woman she saw across from her. She carefully arranged the towel, and got on it, and said “תראי אמא, כמו האישה״

Afterwards, Liran gave Raz a shower using our outdoor shower and we had dinner. While I was getting her ready for bed, she came up to me (I was wearing shorts), grabbed my thigh and said ״או אמא, מה זה הפולקס הזה״

Another hilarious and fun day. 
